Topics Covered in this lecture:

1. Introduction to Numpy
2. Advantages of Numpy
3. How to Import Numpy?
4. Jupyter Notebook
5. 1D Array
6. 2D Array



Python Programming Classes by Arvind Kharwal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXcHsZtOfik&list=PLrwo9h9hEZSVwd5mLcAqnkxEK9oNSKmeI


String in C Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK_6jNbejDs


Structure in C Programming | Part 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiQkqKDUz5c


Structure in C Programming Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv9QX4I4xCY


Structure in C Programming | Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HqGGI7H__g

Macros in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvk1ccN-7TY


Errors in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LTb_y-N-Uo


Translators in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkf8VsVhn78


How to create Virtual Environment in Python on Windows 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLI3VwkUzgc

Recursion in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F462qByz6HU


Parameter Passing in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxOzlELM6oo


Pointer in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Qh9DpPbFUM


Find Factorial of a given number using function | C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoydbuLsdS0


Signed & Unsigned Int in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEovYRpmcYc


Arguments vs Parameters in Function | C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KcE0-jd0iU

Function Programs | Function in C Programming Part - 05
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INj0_LsxT7U

Function in C Programming | Part - 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxGb1xKrWVA

Introduction to Function in C Programming | Part - 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGNFjqGVJow

Introduction to Function in C Programming | Part - 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPn-QEz96bo

Packages in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8uWiNUbg_E

Modules in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uANeZd63o-U

Storage Classes in C Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NGu5I311GM

Key Terms of Machine Learning | Machine Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFeo2dsZ3nU

Storage Classes in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvfXD6ks3Vg

The Steps of Machine Learning 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvu6gmNEmr4

Need & Types of Machine Learning | Machine Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pE9ShqnGSvA

Introduction to Machine Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfdxpR2BHls

Function in Python Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WvWkPQllu0

Function in Python Programming | Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Evm12hnUtM

Popular Python Libraries in Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07ISucgDOXQ

Set in Python Programming | Part 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hAVt38CVFo

Set in Python Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4ouZD_Jisg

Set in Python Programming | Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wmrE18k-VE

The matrix in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_xNJBmxkgg

Array in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3Rhc9dN2Iw

Dictionary in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfZdT0ElKJI

Tuples in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib4Jsv3qy_U

List in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CusTmwjMGNE

String in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnUcxHJ2Xzs

Use of format function in string
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jmwcfk_bH3I

Type Conversion in Python Programming
https://youtu.be/ONUE3Ju5-wE

Python Output using Print Function in Python Programming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jmwcfk_bH3I

For Loop in Python Programming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHOPtIVwwd4

Range Function in Python Programming. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyob23klB1M