Topics Covered in this lecture:

1. max() function
2. min() function

Python Programming Classes by Arvind Kharwal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXcHsZtOfik&list=PLrwo9h9hEZSVwd5mLcAqnkxEK9oNSKmeI

Numpy Part 03 | Numpy Operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5QFjB31b7U

Numpy Part 02 | Numpy Operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4N4oRkN88E

Conditional Compilation in C Programming Part 04
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9G_6kgKHH4


Conditional Compilation in C Programming Part 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UfP1hRf60Y


Conditional Compilation in C Programming Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK3WaQ1psIM


Conditional Compilation in C Programming | Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7raVo2ONRU


String in Alphabetical Order | String in C Programming Part 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zegf_Bik_f8


Count Vowels & Consonants in String | String in C Programming Part 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXKdEgnAqYU


Palindrome String | String in C Programming Part 09
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gA9hQwL80yw


Reverse the String | String in C Programming Part 08
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lISu3-t7_h8


String Concatenation | String in C Programming Part 07
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DoezwrJhWY


Convert upper case string to lower case string | String in C Programming Part 06
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQM7wErSBPk


Convert lower case string to upper case string | String in C Programming Part 05
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4xewHzehng


Copy String | String in C Programming | Part 04
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5c_Kyw0s0o


Length of a String in C Programming | Part 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGd8aQ9aUL8


Introduction to Numpy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7ycNxW6lrc


String in C Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK_6jNbejDs


Structure in C Programming | Part 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiQkqKDUz5c


Structure in C Programming Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv9QX4I4xCY


Structure in C Programming | Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HqGGI7H__g

Macros in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvk1ccN-7TY


Errors in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LTb_y-N-Uo


Translators in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkf8VsVhn78


How to create Virtual Environment in Python on Windows 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLI3VwkUzgc

Recursion in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F462qByz6HU


Parameter Passing in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxOzlELM6oo


Pointer in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Qh9DpPbFUM


Find Factorial of a given number using function | C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoydbuLsdS0


Signed & Unsigned Int in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEovYRpmcYc


Arguments vs Parameters in Function | C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KcE0-jd0iU

Function Programs | Function in C Programming Part - 05
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INj0_LsxT7U

Function in C Programming | Part - 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxGb1xKrWVA

Introduction to Function in C Programming | Part - 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGNFjqGVJow

Introduction to Function in C Programming | Part - 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPn-QEz96bo

Packages in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8uWiNUbg_E

Modules in Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uANeZd63o-U

Storage Classes in C Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NGu5I311GM

Key Terms of Machine Learning | Machine Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFeo2dsZ3nU

Storage Classes in C Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvfXD6ks3Vg

The Steps of Machine Learning 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvu6gmNEmr4

Need & Types of Machine Learning | Machine Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pE9ShqnGSvA

Introduction to Machine Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfdxpR2BHls

Function in Python Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WvWkPQllu0

Function in Python Programming | Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Evm12hnUtM

Popular Python Libraries in Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07ISucgDOXQ

Set in Python Programming | Part 03
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hAVt38CVFo

Set in Python Programming | Part 02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4ouZD_Jisg

Set in Python Programming | Part 01
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wmrE18k-VE